[WIP] AAP-18144: Editorial edits (#845)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-system-requirements.adoc

|===
| Requirement | Required | Notes

h| Subscription | Valid {PlatformName} |

> h| OS | Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.6 or later 64-bit (x86, ppc64le, s390x, aarch64) |{PlatformName} is also supported on OpenShift, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/deploying_the_red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_operator_on_openshift_container_platform/index[Deploying the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform operator on OpenShift Container Platform] for more information.

Reviewer: I think we're using the attribute for RHEL now.

```suggestion
h| OS | {RHEL} 8.6 or later 64-bit (x86, ppc64le, s390x, aarch64) |{PlatformName} is also supported on OpenShift, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/deploying_the_red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_operator_on_openshift_container_platform/index[Deploying the Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform operator on OpenShift Container Platform] for more information.
```

Author: Thanks. That slipped my mind.
